Find Product

The Find Product page within HotWax Commerce serves as a centralized hub for managing products. This page offers a consolidated view of all the products with individual variant information, displaying product category, product name, product ID, and product features viz, size, colors, etc. It enables users to have a quick view of all existing products and carry out product management efficiently.

HotWax Commerce Find Product page also empowers users to use multiple filter options to refine their product search. The prominent Preorders and Backorders filters help users to search out specific products, under these categories, enabling them to optimize their Purchase Order allocations for preorder and backorder management.

Access to the application screen is secure and permission-driven, ensuring only authoritative users to view the inventory page and perform functions.

Step-by-Step Usage Instructions:
Log in to HotWax Commerce by entering your credentials on the login page. 
Within the hamburger menu, find and select the PIM (Product Information Management) option. This will open a submenu with various product-related functionalities. 
From the PIM submenu, choose the Product option. This action will direct you to the Find Product page.

Search Products
The Search Bar on the Find Product page provides users quick access to get information regarding any product. It streamlines the search process about various identifiers such as Product ID, Product name, SKU, UPC, Parent product, or any other related keywords. For a random search or with any keywords, all related products and variants are listed in the search result in an ascending order based on size or as configured, allowing users to access a systematic view of searched products. 
Search Products using Filters

Enables users to search products, simultaneously using “single” or “multiple filters'', and allows users to choose required options from the selected filter dropdowns to refine the search results. This feature is significant for looking up the required set of products to efficiently manage and monitor the specified products and their variants by “Category”, “Features”, “Tags”, and “Price”, or group search by Preorders and Backorders. 

Generally, for a keyword search, all the related products appear and are displayed on the screen. To search for a specific product, users can either choose the options from available filters or enter a value set of product names and features or any other value together to excel the search. For example, if a product has different sizes and is available in multiple colors, and want to search “Checked Shirt, Size S, and Colour Black” users can put in the value in the search bar as “Check Shirt” and use `Feature` Filter to get the specific product. 
Filter Type	Description
Store Filter	Filter out store-specific products. Every brand product store has a unique product catalog. If you'd like to view the product catalog of a specific brand, you can filter out the products using the Store filter.
Category Filter	Filter products belonging to single or multiple categories, for example, “Men’s shoes”, “Kids' wear”, “accessories”, “apparel”, “Jewellery”, etc.
Feature Filter	Filter products by choosing product features like “color” “shades”, “sizes”, “donations”, etc.
Tags Filter	Filter products by choosing any tags available on them like ‘sale”, “discount”, “size range”, “men”, “women”, etc. For example, if a retailer wants to view shirts on discount, they can search for shirts using the search bar and Discount from Tags filter to get specific products in search results.
Exclude Tags Filter	Refines the search by excluding product tags. This will help users to streamline bulk product lookup, where the products having those tags will not be displayed during the search.
Preorder Filter	Filter out all existing products under the preorder category.
Backorder Filter	Filter out all existing products under the backorder category.
Include Parent Product	Helps users to view parent products with respective variants.
Function	Description
Export CSV	For having a quick view of a certain set of products, users can filter out the products and run the export function to download the CSV into their system.
Manage Safety Stock	Enables users to search selected products and export CSV by specifying safety stock value and uploading it back using EXIM for bulk products. Safety Stock will be established at all the associated facilities for the entire set of selected products. Users are allowed to manually create CSV, set safety stocks, and upload using EXIM for bulk products. (Manage Safety Stock User Manual)
Threshold	Enables users to search and create CSV of all displayed products. A threshold will be established for the entire set of selected products. Users can manually create CSV and upload using EXIM for bulk products. (Manage Threshold User Manual)
